await description: Fix native promise test code (#22238)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/await/index.md

The `expression` is resolved in the same way as {{jsxref("Promise.resolve()")}}: it's always converted to a native `Promise` and then awaited. If the `expression` is a:

> - Native `Promise` (tested with `IsNativePromise(expression) && expression.constructor === Promise`): The promise is directly used and awaited natively, without calling `then()`.

Reviewer: The point of this code is to illustrate how users may perform the same test in userland. I elided the `IsPromise` part because that seems mostly obvious. What about:

```suggestion
- Native `Promise` (which means `expression` belongs to `Promise` or 
a subclass, and `expression.constructor === Promise`): The promise is directly used and awaited natively, without calling `then()`.
```

Author: `constructor===Promise` does test if the object is a native Promise.
It's just not strict. It does test.
`a native Promise (tested with constructor===Promise)` sounds like "only constructor is tested" to me.
